talk there, people, beauty, good, here, show
a little bit for you
and how to set up a
playstation 3 on your android
I'll use motorola razr here on xt 910 o
that you will obviously need it
need a ps3 control of
This is an original preference.
except that this is a xingu and it worked
perfectly soft keys everything else
that a little review of him on the site
who cares can take this lot
of things on the good side what you go
need the cable to charge connect it
on the computer
the control and then much later
appliance
so first I 'll call you here
the computer just put it under the
line
I'll show you a step by step that goes
it's easier for me to go beauty now
I'll just go to the shaq week and I'll show you here.
for you on my computer
will now depend on a process in the
computer when it opens here in the
computer you about this program
you will be happy to open when
He appeared this image here.
here he has an address
if he has nothing at all
There is nothing written here you go.
Open
Let's install this one even if it's not yours.
android the android of you
then it will work as follows
they will catch
shows that the device will open here
this sax
if you see here my god like him
is already set up and down here and
appeared at the address is this address
here you have to type there in that
screen that appeared there type to another
highlighted with the sequence of numbers and
He will not give anything but left.
O type according to which has its
bluetooth comes it will already appear for the
plate will be this sequence of
numbers here type in this field and
click ok date done it quiet
finished the process on the computer can
disconnect the unit from the
control or disconnect here ask to
the deep stack works for both
carry the cloth simply do this
connection process
now it's the next guys I'm going to open
here o
my device is already open in the
But if you open the first
time does not have any problems're
Let me leave only Thursday.
only this process in which you are paulo
Good guys, now you're going to open
here in April this sax in control
now how can you see if you
configured there is that certain password
This one from here, you put it on the
computer program is going to be this
even is not going to take forró and click on
start beauty click start you go to
same time tighten the body here
ok button it will start blinking beauty
here mine is more at ease with
you
it will take a little while to
find control and from there on
will be already in my case
found here, right?
configured
normal, this is already working
perfectly
So, this is the process of
how to make the connection here first
linking it on the computer is to follow that
space there have to put the same
Product address you will have to
probably put computer there and
after that you just have to start a linen
by program if sax this sax of the name
hence the sex controller and will open you
accept the bluetooth connection
This is how it worked after I go.
show you and the tests of some
games and also how to configure each one
I was not expecting them.
I liked it there, I hope video
help if you have any questions do not let
to ask do not forget to give your
review coming soon very soon
I'll bring you how to set up each game.
cnec was just a tutorial on how to
configure the control if
So that's where this cereal spot is.
quick and convenient way to configure the
ps3 control control
and a setting android oman
important from here this application if sax
control work is necessary last
your handset so if you do not have it will not
Ruth is so necessary.
found ps3 in kabul loading
on the mobile phone and the programs
installed
good, that's it guys I hope you have
liked
see you around the next time